---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
description: >-
  How we safeguard your information when you visit our website

version: 0.0.1
author: Digital-Mercenaries
license: All Rights Reserved

navigation:
  weight: 50
---


At {{ site.title }}, we are committed to protecting the privacy and
confidentiality of our website visitors, clients, and partners.  This Privacy
Notice explains how we collect, use, and safeguard your personal information
when you visit our website or contact us.

## Information We Collect

We do not use cookies or any other web-browser technologies to track visitors
on our website.  We do not collect or maintain any logs of visitor IP addresses
or any other browsing information.

The only personal information we collect is the email address and content that
you voluntarily provide when you contact us through our website or via email.
We use this information solely for the purpose of responding to your inquiries
and providing the requested services.

## Data Retention

We retain the personal information you provide to us for as long as necessary
to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected and to comply with
applicable laws and regulations.  Once we no longer need your personal
information, we will securely dispose of it.

## Data Sharing

We do not share, sell, rent, or disclose your personal information to any third
parties unless required by law or with your explicit consent.

## Data Security

We take appropriate measures to ensure the security of your personal
information and protect it from unauthorized access, loss, or disclosure.
However, please note that no method of transmission over the internet or
electronic storage is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee absolute security.

## Your Rights

Under applicable privacy laws, you have certain rights regarding your personal
information, including the right to access, update, or delete your information.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the
information provided below.

## Children's Privacy

Our website is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not
knowingly collect personal information from children.  If you are a parent or
guardian and believe that your child has provided us with personal information,
please contact us, and we will promptly delete the information.

## Links to Third-Party Websites

Our website may contain links to third-party websites for your convenience or
reference.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of
those websites.  Please review the privacy policies of those websites for more
information.

## Updates to this Privacy Notice

We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect changes in our
privacy practices or as required by law. We encourage you to review this
Privacy Notice periodically for any changes.

## Indemnification

By using this website or contacting {{ site.title }}, you agree to indemnify
and hold harmless {{ site.title }}, its employees, officers, directors, and
affiliates from and against any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, and
expenses (including reasonable attorney fees) arising out of or relating to any
unauthorized access to or use of your personal information, data breaches, or
any violation of this Privacy Notice or applicable laws or regulations by you
or any third party acting on your behalf.

{{ site.title }} will take reasonable steps to protect your personal
information; however, no system is completely secure, and {{ site.title }}
cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat the
security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. By
using this website or contacting {{ site.title }}, you acknowledge and agree
that {{ site.title }} shall not be liable for any damages resulting from such
unauthorized access or use of your personal information.

## Severability

If any provision of this Privacy Notice is found to be unenforceable or invalid
under any applicable law or regulation, such provision will be deemed modified
or deleted to the extent necessary to make it enforceable and valid while
preserving the intent of the original provision. The remaining provisions of
this Privacy Notice will continue to be in full force and effect.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions, concerns, or requests regarding this Privacy Notice
or our privacy practices, please contact us at:

Email: `{{ site.email }}`

